When you look at a person's big body, you think they are a donkey.
Or when you look at a small person, you think they are a chinchikurin.
These are not the right words.
When you look at a small person, you don't say that.
When you say to a small person,
that person's head is working,
you say that and that person becomes a great person.
But you don't say that.
There are many people who don't say that.
What? Small people?
What?
They came? Where?
Over there.
I see.
They are walking.
They are looking for something.
Hey, kid, come here.
Go and show them.
Whether it's a kid or an adult, take a picture and show them.
Don't try to be a fool.
Come here, kid.
What kid?
You are like a bag of gold.
Come here.
You are walking.
You are walking and you get stuck in a small place.
Come here.
There is a person who gets stuck in a small place.
You are trying to be a human being.
What?
Even if you get stuck in a small place, you are still a human being.
You are bad at making things up.
You are trying to make a fool out of me.
If it rains, you can get wet first.
It's so good.
You can get wet.
If it rains you can get wet?
No, I said thats wrong.
If there is a Petersonaschai storm.
If you get into the water,
Like a small child, musicians should praise others like children.
He's small, so he's got a lot of money.
You're right.
You bought a yukata, and you got your own kimono, and your wife's kimono.
The rest is now in the stock market.
What are you talking about?
You can't take that much from a single piece.
You still have three bags of rice.
You're going to clean the floor for the sanitary.
You're going to be sick if you don't bow.
Don't be ridiculous.
Even if you're small, you're a rat.
You can't be sick if you don't bow.
You're going to clean the floor, and you're going to take the sofa.
You're going to eat it, but you can't see it.
Everyone's worried.
You're small, so you can't carry it all the way to the storage room.
I'm not going to be worried about the cleaning.
I'm going to look for a small room.
If you take out the toilet paper, you'll sleep in it.
Don't be ridiculous.
Even if you're small, you can sleep in the toilet paper.
You're really stupid.
What are you talking about?
You're not going to get angry.
You're going to get angry.
I'm going to the teacher.
I'm not going to be a little old, but I'm going to be a student.
Are you a teacher?
Welcome.
Come here.
Thank you.
Why are you sitting on your shoes and pretending to be a dog?
Stand up.
I'm standing.
You're standing.
You're really stupid.